Framework Balance: What percentage of your final design uses Bootstrap components vs. custom styling? What guided this balance?
I would say 70% bootstrap and 30% custom styling. The most important components were the card design, nav bar, and icons. Using classes for a row layout were also important 
bootstrap components. The custom parts I did were the color scheme and then modifying the components. For example, I added badges and images to the cards as well as a profile
picture next to the header. The balance was guided by just how powerful and versatile bootstrap is. I was surprised that every layout option, photo cropping, and icons were
accounted for in the bootstrap documentation. 

Navigation Choice: Describe your navigation solution. Why did you choose Bootstrap's navbar vs. a custom approach?
I used the full bootstrap nav bar because it was clean and minimalist, which were the original intentions of my website design. I mainly chose this because I thought the 
condensed nav bar on mobile was a very cool feature and it came with hover effects.

Project Presentation: How did you decide to showcase your projects? What makes your approach different from the default Bootstrap cards? How did icons (if used) enhance the presentation?
I used two different bootstrap cards. One of them had a featured, important project, and the others for a change of layout and less important projects. I personalized the 
default cards by adding badges for skills and images to each card as well as buttons to either view a linkedin post for the project or the GitHub repository. Icons enhanced the
visuals and made the cards more digestible rather than just text. Also, I think they draw attention to the button they are associated with. 

Personal Style: How did you ensure your portfolio reflects your personality while using a framework used by millions of websites? Compare your experience using Bootstrap vs. writing custom CSS from previous labs.
I believe a good way of personalizing these stock components is to mix and match them. I used the default cards with the badge option and a cover picture, varied the layout both 
vertical and horizontal, added icons, then custom coloring and transitions. Now they don't resemble one feature, but the culmination of a couple features. In that way, there can 
be infinite possiblities. The main change from using bootstrap vs custom css is that the efficiency allowed me to focus on the usability and aesthetic of the design rather than
getting lost in small details of creating a component from the bottom up. I can try many different card designs at once rather than spending an hour on one then not liking it, 
and having to spend an hour figuring out another. 
